Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Stay tuned.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
There's no need to bear, underdog is here.
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
On Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
Watching TV is fun, but reading a good book will complete the picture.
Oh, nothing.
When a good TV show makes you want to find out more, find it in a book.
TV and books work together to really take you places.
To find out how, write Kidsnet.
Your new baby is so exciting.
Mommy's having a baby, a newborn is due.
You can feel the baby and watch her move too.
It's time for the baby.
She's a six-pound girl.
Here's her bottle.
Uh-oh, she wet.
Now mommy has a new dress.
They're both so beautiful.
Mommy's having a baby, new love to share.
Mommy's having a baby.
First mommy's expecting, then she has a new baby to love.
Go for it, red.
Three in a row.
Go for one more.
Go for it.
Connect four.
Go for the fun of connect four.
Four in a row wins.
Go for the bottom.
And go for the top.
Watch for the block.
Forget it, you're stuck.
Go for the glory.
Hey, Hogan, great breakfast.
Well, but isn't the all-doofus club?
These are so good.
They're official cereal.
Applejacks.
He doesn't get it.
I don't get why you'd like a cereal called Applejacks
that doesn't taste like apple.
Well, we know why.
Yeah.
Okay, geniuses, why?
Good answer.
Your brother's such a loser.
We don't have to explain why we like it.
Yeah.
Kellogg's Applejacks is part of this complete breakfast.
We eat what we like.
Pizza, pizza.
Oh, pizza, pizza, poor pizza, banana,
pineapple, pizza, me, my mom, pizza.
Pizza.
But you know you're nothing can beat them,
so come on, let's eat them.
Wow.
Big Caesar.
Now at Little Caesars, you can get a free toy
and a chance to win.
I won.
The World of Nerf, a truckload of Nerf toys.
Pieces are at participating stores.
All right.
For mail and game pieces, ball supplies last.
No purchase necessary.
16, 17.
Wait, did I count that cell or not?
It's no fair when they keep moving around.
It's hard to believe so many living cells
are in every drop of water.
And what about in a whole glass?
How many is that?
Millions, hundreds of millions.
Kind of grosses you out, unless you're thirsty.
See it, fellas.
Some people have trouble contemplating higher numbers.
Millions, billions, trillions.
But for me, it's easy.
For example, 1,256,011 times I've asked my parents,
can I have a car?
1,256,011 times they've answered,
no way, Jose.
Let's take a trip down memory lane.
Unfortunately, I won't be in the driver's seat.
I tried leaving little subtle clues around,
so dad would know what I wanted
for my birthday.
I guess early morning isn't the best time
to be subtle with dad.
I tried buttering them up with a special
home-cooked meal.
Oh, thanks, sweetheart.
But it was no use.
Mom cut right through all my arguments.
I even tried showing them how having a car
would fit easily into our lives.
But dad rolled all over that one.
So, about this car thing,
let's just say, oh my God,
it's not a car.
Is this car thing?
Let's just say owning an auto is a subject
I've driven into the ground.
But, as far as I can recall,
there was in a single instance
where they told me I couldn't have one of these.
I don't know why I never thought of it before,
but there are all kinds of reasons
why owning a motorcycle beats owning a car.
First, there's speed.
Cars require unlocking the door,
getting in, buckling your seat belt,
adjusting the mirror,
too slow.
You can get on the back of the cycle
from the back door in 2.5 seconds.
Next, there's maneuverability.
Why, you can maneuver a whole fleet of cycles
in the space of one car.
And best of all, they can't ask you
to drop your little brother off somewhere.
There's no trunk.
So, what's all this about owning a motorcycle?
Well, the idea came up kind of casually.
Olivia kind of casually mentioned
her older brother Marlon was selling his 75
to get a larger bike.
What does he do with these motorcycles anyway?
Who does he think he is? Macho Man Marlon?
Just as casually,
I planted the idea that maybe I could buy it.
Do you think he'll take 50 bucks?
Okay.
I know it's not a car, but it is a motor vehicle.
And for the first time, it's actually within my grasp.
I hope he says yes.
That cycle needs a kind, loving home.
But knowing Marlon,
I'm afraid money talks.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Guess what I found in my basement?
Just waiting for an opportunity like this to arrive.
Who's Norbert?
And where did he study art?
He's some guy who plays poke with my dad.
In fact, that's how my dad won this helmet.
He doesn't want it?
Nah, he doesn't want any of the Norbert collection.
You mean there's more besides this?
Norbert was always short of cash,
so he bet whatever.
Matching hula dancer table lamps
size nine and a half ice skates.
A shot glass collection from Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
All kinds of junk.
So if Norbert never has any money
and your dad doesn't want to stuff, how can he plays them?
Hey, Norbert's the only guy my dad can beat.
Thanks.
And thank you, Norbert.
No problem.
So after you get your license and take a couple lessons,
you'll be all set.
So did Olivia come through?
I don't know yet. She said to give her some time to work on Marlon.
It's been about an hour.
Well, 45 minutes.
Almost.
Hey, 35 minutes is almost 45 minutes, isn't it?
Yes, madam.
When you sign up with my company's phone calling plan,
you'll receive benefits way too numerous to mention.
Mention them?
Okay.
Ferguson, you're going to be long.
One moment, please.
I need to consult my customer service manual.
Buzz off, sis.
I got a fish on the line and I don't want to lose her.
But I need...
Let me see.
If you're in the company's company,
you will receive genuine FCC service
and genuine FCC quality.
Ferguson.
And the best part is, you'll never receive a bill.
Just a call from me each month to tell you how much you owe.
Isn't that convenient?
Hey, who can read those darn phone bills anyway?
Hello.
Ferguson, what are you trying to pull?
It's a plan so incredibly simple
I'm surprised no one ever thought of it before.
How's it work?
I get calling cards assigned to me under a variety of names.
Ferguson Darling, F.W. Darling, Ferguson W. Darling.
Well, if you run out of names to call yourself,
I've got a list a mile long.
Then I let each customer use a different number to make calls.
I get the bills and charge them only what they owe.
But why would anyone buy service from you
and they could buy it from the big long distance companies?
Ah, because when you sign up with one of the big boys,
you don't get one of these with every offer.
That's just one of those rubber jar opening thingies.
Do they know that's what they're getting?
They're aware that they'll be receiving a prize.
And what's in it for you?
Oh, I get the frequent flyer miles.
The what?
The frequent flyer miles.
Mom and Dad get five frequent flyer miles
every time they make a long distance call.
With all my customers making calls,
I'll have enough miles for a trip around the world.
Which part of that plan is simple?
The part that thawed it up.
You'll be laughing at the other side of your mouth
when I'm the youngest person ever to travel the globe.
I'll save us all time and laugh out of both sides now.
Ha ha.
Olivia, it's me.
So?
But did you tell them I take care of it?
Doesn't our friendship count?
Okay.
Thanks anyway.
Later.
That didn't sound so good.
No takers yet, but Marlon put ads in the gym,
the penny saver, and he lowered the price.
How much?
A couple hundred.
So he still thinks it's gonna move?
But it doesn't know where it's moving is into my possession.
But how? You don't have that kind of money?
No, but I can get it.
Your dad's Norbert collection gives me an idea.
Yeah?
There's a ton of junk in the garage
my mom's been meaning to toss for months.
Why not just sell it at a garage sale?
Good theory, but who wants your family's old junk?
Somebody might, after all.
We wanted it once.
The good news is, it's been a few days now,
Marlon still hasn't sold his motorcycle yet.
The bad news is,
my yard sale proved that's not the only thing
nobody wants to buy.
I tried passing off the broken globe
as a handy kitchen utensil.
No sale, even when I offered to throw in the chips.
Some people have such a narrow world view.
And I found out real quick,
the bottoms dropped out of the used toy market.
I thought the swivel part of my dad's old chair
would make a lovely lazy Susan,
but the customers were not into fast food.
I didn't unload a small pile of stuff.
The rest went to the dump,
along with my hopes of ever getting my hands on that motorcycle.
Hey, what's up?
Mind if I hang out here for a while?
Sure, you okay?
What's the loudest sound you ever heard in your life?
You mean aside from when Ferguson's eating?
For me, it's the sound of Mount Wesley erupting.
Wesley, your dad?
The walls are shaking at the Dupree home this afternoon.
What happened?
Well, Marlon got a new bike.
The problem is he hasn't sold his old bike yet.
Talk about an embarrassment of riches.
Yell about as more like it.
That's what my dad started doing when he got home
and he couldn't fit his car in the garage.
Well, that gives me a pretty radical notion.
Yeah.
My yard sale left plenty of room in the garage
for a small cycle.
He could store it over here.
Why not?
Your folks wouldn't mind?
I'll bet they never notice.
I'll probably get a buyer soon.
I still hope that buyer's gonna be me.
I'll be desperate enough to go with it.
I can relate.
When it comes to motor vehicles, I understand desperation.
But one thing.
What?
You're not riding it, right?
Because Marlon would end my life with one blow.
I wouldn't lose any sleep over it.
I'll go see what he says.
I can't believe it.
That motorcycle is practically already mine.
I can almost feel the heat of the engine.
Now I'd better think of a way to warm up
my parents to the idea.
There.
The motorcycle has safe and sound
and stirred away behind the twig chipper,
the leaf eater, the weed whacker, and the garden weasel.
How could we have to hide it?
I thought you said it was cool to stitch it here.
Hold that thought.
My dad.
Just follow my lead.
Hi, Dad.
Hello, Mr. Darling.
Hey.
What's going on?
You two up to no good?
No.
Whatever makes you think that, Dad?
Well, just figure speech.
Oh, sure.
I knew that.
You got plans for today?
Oh, well, we were just sitting out here
talking about movies we like.
Um, yeah.
Movies.
You got one movie you know you're going to remember
all your life.
Oh, sure.
For me, it was The Graduate, Romeo and Juliet,
Clockwork Orange.
Yeah, what was that one about the two hippie guys
on motorcycles?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Now you're talking about Easy Rider.
That was it.
Easy Rider.
That was the most important film of my life
when I was in high school.
Captain American Billy, thumbing their noses at society
and its rules, taking off on their choppers
in a cloud of dust and experiencing whatever
I am in front of them.
Oh, that was a great movie.
I know.
Wouldn't it be cool to own a motorcycle
and follow their example?
No plans.
Total freedom.
You know what was best of all?
I'm sorry.
Did you say own one?
Yeah.
Are you kidding?
Do you have any idea how dangerous
a motorcycle is?
And besides, you get all dusty
and your butt falls asleep from the vibrations,
and have you ever tried to get that grease
out from under your fingernails?
So just to be clear,
what you're saying is you don't like motorcycles?
Not at all.
I love them, but I would never own one or ride one.
That's crazy, sport.
Well, I got stuff to do.
So, you two, you stay out of trouble.
Trouble?
No, it's just a figure of speech.
Well, so much for buying Marlin's bike.
Want him to find some place else to store it?
No way.
My parents are going to be cool about it.
They just don't know it yet.
Sure, I can see it now.
No, that's crazy, sport.
Good luck.
Olivia, they haven't even seen it yet.
Look at the chrome, the leather,
the...
Well, we can hammer the dents out later,
but it's right here.
It's calling to me.
I can't believe it.
Am I really going to have to take no for an answer?
More Clarissa.
More SNCC after this.
Mario All-Star so much, Mario.
It's a Mario smorgasbord.
It's all the way down Mario,
but there's adventures he ever played,
and then some.
But this is two-star, 16-bit,
only on the Super Nintendo Entertainment system,
Mario.
So it's bigger, Mario.
Better, Mario.
In your face, Mario.
It's raccoon, Mario.
Mario throwing fireballs, Mario.
Hurling turnips, Mario.
Negotiating an arm steal.
Okay, maybe not.
It's Mario, like you've never seen him.
What's too close to Mario?
What's the capital of Ohio, Mario?
You're going to live free.
Eat, sleep, Mario.
Eat Super Mario All-Stars.
Four complete Mario games,
including the never seen Lost Levels.
You can't get more Mario than this,
which is why you're the best player here.
If kids like me took over the world,
I'd change a lot of things.
First of all, there wouldn't be any school.
Wait, better yet, we'll keep school,
but it won't really be like school.
Like, there won't be buses.
We'll come to school in monster trucks.
Our three favorite classes will be
gym, recess, and marine biology.
Or we'll learn how to save the whales.
There'll be chocolate shakes
in the drinking fountains,
and nobody will try out for the school band,
because the school band will be
the metalheads.
Hey, as long as we're changing the world,
let's change the name to
Mick World, because let's face it,
McDonald's will be the official food.
We'll serve Big Macs and McNuggets
in the cafeteria, of course.
Would you like fries with that?
And on Fridays, we'll take all-day
field trips to Mickey D's.
We'll try and make Crutchmore.
We'll never go on,
because he'll be in permanent detention.
He picked on me in social studies.
And, you know, as long as we're running the place,
let's get a cool gym teacher for once.
Anybody feel a game of horse?
It could happen.
So, I'm the head writer on the show,
which means that I represent
the writing staff on the basketball court.
Oh!
Uh-oh.
Two-nothing, our team.
Johnny Slane.
Bass player.
Yeah.
But he can't play ball.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
But ask him what the plan is.
What?
Be at the roundhouse to snip.
It takes some edge every night war, thick.
Do your habit, do your habit.
It takes a certain kind of person to get the body
working to the level of precision
that's needed, to be risen to the top.
Do your habit.
It takes a certain kind of something to keep the heart
pumping, something everybody needs to achieve
to succeed.
You'll need a lot.
Do your habit.
So, watching.
Nick.
And now, back to Clarissa Except Eliza.
Okay, right now I'm caught in the clutches of a power that's a lot more
thunderous than an internal combustion engine. A lot more frightening than the
roar of parental disapproval. It's that awful, evil, gripping monster, Temptation.
Right now Temptation's power is speaking to me through a 75cc engine.
Hey, what was I supposed to do? My dad needed a lawnmower, so I had to think
fast. Man, what I wouldn't give to turn the key. I know my parents wouldn't
like the idea, but why not? I mean, what do they think I'm gonna do? Well, that
would certainly shake things up a little around here. I don't know how much
longer I can control the urge to ride it. I think about it, dream about it, draw
pictures of it on my notebook covers. Why wasn't I born old enough to drive?
Hi, Sam. Hi, Clarissa. You know, I picked in your garage, but I didn't see the motorcycle.
My dad was about to have a closing counter of the two-wheeled kind. I
don't get it, Clarissa. Why are you hiding it? Why can't you just say Marlon
needed to place the stash it until he sells it? Maybe at one time I could have, but
now that I've decided to ride it... You're gonna ride it? Yeah, see what I'm gonna do
is... You're really gonna ride it? I can't help it, Sam. I have to try, and it
has to be before my parents see the bike. But... My parents know the
motorcycle stashed over here. They're gonna tell me not to ride it. Right?
Then if I do, I'm in deep. But if they don't know when I do it, they
haven't forbidden for it, so it's not so bad, right? Well, okay, if you're sure you
can ride it. How hard can it be? The pavement. Riding? Why are you so against this?
Besides the fact that you don't have a license? Yes, technically that's true,
but I'm not talking about riding into town and gunning the engine under the
mayor's wife's window. I'm talking about, you know, once around the block.
Clarissa. Sam, I can't get this thing out of my mind. Well, it would help
if you got it out of your bedroom. That would just be delaying the inevitable,
Sam. I'm itching to ride. I can't control it. Here, take a look at this. What is it?
I actually put myself in a video game. Watch. See, Sam? There's nothing to it.
It's all a matter of balance, controlled speed, upper brake gain. You were saying?
Not to worry, Sam. This is just a dumb game. Besides, when's the last time you
saw a panda on a tricycle on Shadow Lane? I don't see why you're also confused
down there at the phone company. The reason we have so many calling cards is we
have a lot of people living here. Yes, yes, I am Ferguson Darling. No, F.W. Darling
is my son. Yes, yes, and Ferguson W. Darling is his son. Yes, it's an
extended family. We're very close. Well, I don't see where that's any of your
business, but I'm 77 years old. Next Wednesday, Capricorn. No, no, no, that's
quite all right. No, no, sure. You have to keep a sharp eye out for any kind of
improper activity. No, I want you to understand as a concerned citizen, I
will do my share to help step out fraud. Oh, gotta go. Hi, Mom. Hi, Ferguson, who is
that? Oh, wrong number. Oh, funny, this phone bill is incredibly fat this month. Oh,
it's just probably stuffed with junk mail, Mom. Can I have it? What for? Oh,
school project. I'm studying the advertising techniques of the
information age. Gotta go, thanks. Ferguson, you can have the junk mail, but I need the
bill. Ferguson? Oh, kids. Hi, Mom. Hi, sweetheart. Hi, Mrs. Darling. Nice to see you, Samuel. I thought you
had a meeting at the museum. Oh, it got canceled. So, what are you guys up to?
Nothing. What have you got there? Where? In your hand. Um, it's, it's a helmet.
Sam's helmet. Just practicing for the mosh pits, you know, stage diving at concerts.
Oh, sounds fun. Oh, it is fun. See, to warm up, I just wear it around, act like a spasm, bang
into stuff. Uh-huh. Well, um, I used to like going to concerts, too. Um, so, are you
just gonna be here this afternoon? I guess so. All afternoon? Well, I suppose. Why?
No reason. Well, what are your plans? Well, right now, we have to go put something away in the garage.
Look, maybe it's a good thing you didn't get to ride. At least this way, you don't know what
you're missing. Right. And maybe it's good for convicts and solitary confinement to
never see the sun. I've got to take off. I've got to go to the hospital with my dad
to visit Uncle Eddie. Eddie, which uncle's that? My dad's sister's ex-husband, the
guy with no thumbs. Oh, yeah. Is he okay? He's got mono, nothing serious. Wish I could
give you a ride. Hang in there, Evil Knievel. You'll make it. Boy, temptation is a rough
thing. Here I am, hiding stuff from my parents, thinking about breaking the law. And why?
Maybe there's a part of me that's trying to break free. I wonder what that would be like.
Hey, pops, make with the service. Yeah, man, we will have a ball. We want a whale. Right,
chopper? The young rebels. What are you rebelling against anyway? What have you got? Tough, real
tough. Rebels? You're nothing but a bunch of phonies. All of you. You probably stole
that trophy too. Why don't you give it back so they can give it to someone who deserves it?
Get me my bike. Phony? I'll show you who's a phony. Do you guys know how to start this
thing? I don't know about starting, but one thing that's got to stop is my obsession
with this motorcycle. For better or for worse, I've got to try to ride it. Hey, I'm
glad you came. No problem. Getting in trouble for sneaking out is nothing compared to what
Marla's going to do to me if you bust his bike. I'm not going to bust his bike. We won't
even talk about you busting your head. Thank you, I appreciate that. Oh, hi, Sam. Hey,
Clarissa. So exactly what route did you plan? We can call ahead and have ambulances strategically
stationed. Your confidence overwhelms me. I'm just going to start it up, leave
a patch of rubbers, I fly to the driveway, do a wheelie at the end of the street
up under the Redmakers porch because I need a ramp to launch my aerial flip, then I'm home.
Funny. Once around the block, that's all, piece of cake. So you know how to shift your body
weight as you lean into a turn, right? Sure, who doesn't know that? Then I guess you
memorize where all the potholes and stuff are along the way. Potholes? You can really
send you flying, but you probably won't hit me. And you know how to use the brakes.
Oh, look guys, can you stand back? So what do you think, Olivia? Probably the same
as you, that we need two more of us to make pallbearers. Serious. What happened? Tell Marlin
he better find another place to stash his bike. Good idea. I don't know how to ride
a motorcycle, I could kill myself. Gee, why didn't we think of that? This motorcycle
business, I'm over it for now. Finally, because what I really want is a car, I
just can't afford one right now, you know. Guys. Guys, wait guys. But Mrs. Brandy Twine,
can't you give me a little on your account, a douche, a fin, something? No, I don't want
the little Brandy Twine's going without milk. But here at FCC, you just can't expect
us to forgive these long distance charges. If that's the way you feel about it, just
wait till you hear from my collection company, and you think I'm tough. Trouble on the
line. This whole Ferguson communications company has been a real eye-opener. It's unbelievable
to think how other people will try to take advantage of another person. It must come
as quite a shock to you. Well, I'm calling it off. Who wants to spend half their life
on a phone just trying to get people to pay? Unless of course you'd like to come aboard
as my assistant. I'd rather look a slug. That's too bad. You know the real monies
in telecommunications, not to mention the perks. Even my one month experiment
has earned me enough frequent flyer miles to visit Duluth. How soon can you leave?
Good morning, everyone. Hi, kids. Mom, Dad, you guys look tired. Oh, coffee. I need coffee.
I don't know how you slept through that racket. What racket? Someone considered person
decided the middle of the night was a good time to race some motorcycle. Yeah, probably
kids. Kids. Well, I just hope it isn't the start of something new we have to
deal with. Oh, well, I wouldn't worry about it if I were you. What makes you
say that, Clarissa? Well, it was probably just somebody passing through. It's a quiet
neighborhood. Who'd be crazy enough to own a motorcycle? Now get off your hog and
get into the roundhouse where best friends just can't stand each other.
Next, then meet Stimpy's most stupidest friend in the whole wide world.
Nick continues right here. Just hang on, okay? On Saturday nights, I drink soda and I eat
Rocky Road ice cream. He curls up on the couch with like all his potato chips and
stuff. We just sit together and I go, I am going to like this. This was Nick and Nick.
If you're a kid, you probably watch a lot of television. But did you know that
in just one hour, you might end up seeing 25 acts of violence on TV?
Nick News Special Edition asks, are you what you watch? Violence on television.
Does it make you violent? Does it make you scared? Or have you seen so much that
you just don't care? Join me, Linda Ellerby, and get the answers when kids
and experts take a hard look at violence on television. Catch an encore
presentation of are you what you watch tomorrow at eight seven central only on
Nick.
Caboodles! Hop, blip, pool, slide!
Caboodles just got smaller. They're mini-caboodles. They're caboodle-cubes.
With my mini-caboodles fashion design set, I can draw awesome styles.
This mini-caboodles hides a bubbly surprise. And here's looking at you.
This one has a real lip gloss and a mini mirror, too. Mini-caboodles are
caboodles crude. Caboodles!
Mini-caboodles, wear them as an necklace. Find the surprise inside each sold separately.
Welcome to The Light Show, where we discover the brightest stars of the future.
That's here for Loomisketch and Sparkle Lights.
Okay, Loomisketch, headlight, brilliance, Sparkle Lights, light-hearted, dazzling, night-light,
fairy-right, lightning, striking. Well, audience, Loomisketch, Sparkle Lights,
they're both brilliant. Ohio Arts, Loomisketch, and Sparkle Lights,
each sold separately. Batteries not included.
Pizza, pizza!
Oh, pizza, pizza, pizza, banana, fanny, foe, pizza, me, my, mo, pizza, pizza!
Drink it down, you!
Nothing can beat them, so come on, let's eat them!
Whoa!
Good scissors.
Now at Little Caesars, you can get a free toy and a chance to win...
I won!
The World of Nerf, a truckload of Nerf toys.
This is our participating stores.
Nerf!
Alright, for mail and game pieces, ball supplies last.
No purchase necessary.
I'm going T-Z at Discovery Zone.
Discover what I can do on my own.
I can jump, swing, crawl, or mountain climb.
I'm going T-Z.
Yeah!
It's one of a kind.
I can slide, view, amaze, I can have a fall.
I can bounce on the moon, obstacles, and I'm going T-Z at Discovery Zone.
T-Z!
Hey kids, come to a Discovery Zone Fun Center with every paid admission.
You'll get a free kids video rental from Blockbuster Video.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
There's no need to fear.
Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
On Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
Be with others, and the desire to be left alone.
But being alone can get kind of lonely.
Come on Jimmy, we're going to the mall, the loiter.
Ah, thanks.
I'm not in the mood.
Suit yourself.
Of course, you can always have an imaginary friend.
So, you want to have a catch?
Then again, actual humans make better friends.
Sure!
Then again, they do have their limitations.
A good friendship can last longer than a bad marriage.
For you, Jimmy, promised a wedgie, noogie, and generally pick on Billy.
And when you play Monopoly, will you let him be the race car,
even if that means you get stuck with being a thimble?
And do you, Billy, promise to insult and embarrass Jimmy,
and pick him in kickball even though he's a total goober?
We do.
I now pronounce you best friends.
You may now kick each other's butts.
There'll be no further marriage analogies.
Class is now on session.
No way!
I'm only telling you this secret because you're my best friend.
If anybody found out, I would fully die.
Laura, Julie, I thought I told you no cellulophones and glass.
Mom, I wish there was some way I could stay on the phone all the time.
Introducing Headphone.
The telephone is surgically implanted in your head.
Now you can make a phone call anytime, anywhere.
Hey, are your ears ringing?
Why, I guess they are.
I don't speak a mouth.
Hello?
Can you guys hear me?
Already.
Speakers are wired to my uvula.
No way.
Now, will you also receive the surgically implanted fax machine?
Hey, who cut the fax?
Girls, this is your last warning.
But we're right in the middle of a very important rumor.
You should be in the middle of working on your joint book report on Lewis and Clark.
It's due on Monday.
Andy and Jennifer.
They're the ultimate and best friends.
We're going to so-called trials.
We're gonna play shortstop.
Wow, what good friends.
Kind of like you guys.
Hey, Laura, Julie told me about your big secret.
Unbelievable.
Julie, I can't believe you're tall.
Ah, Julie just hurt my feelings.
I could talk to her about it and see if there was some misunderstanding.
After all, she is my best friend.
So naturally, I'll do the best I can to hurt her back.
So you decided to stab your best friend in the back.
Well, you need a burst of energy.
You need betrayal mix.
The new snack food especially for those with an appetite for getting even.
It tastes bitter.
Well, of course it does.
But bitterness is only part of what you get.
Betrayal mix has nuts.
Because you'd have to be to want to turn on your best friend.
Raisins are raising the walls between you.
And those little indescribable lumps that look like your dog left them in the back yard.
Let's face it.
If you're gonna stew to it, you might as well eat it.
You can get Betrayal Mix at your nearest spikestore for the traditional 30 pieces of silver.
I can't believe you told my secret.
I would never tell anybody you put socks in your bra.
And that's not all.
Your butt is so big.
Each cheek has its own zip code.
You better get in bed.
You gonna let her talk that way about your big old buffalo butt?
No, of course not.
Laura, you're so ugly.
Wait, I got it right on the tip of my...
Tongue?
Yeah, that's right.
Just can't get those insults to come out right.
Put a cutting edge on those put-downs with a new tongue sharpener from Yo Mamako.
The tongue sharpener will give your words the cutting power they need
for pointed remarks, unkind jabs, and piercing insults.
Ooh, but be careful. You could put someone's eye out with that thing.
Where were we?
She was talking about your tired ground-scape and saggy booty.
Okay, that's right.
You're so hairy that on your school ID, they put your a's down in door gear.
That's so hairy.
And you're so ugly that when you go to the zoo, the animal's tropinus at you.
That's ugly.
And in fact, you are so ugly.
How ugly is she?
That you have to keep your makeup in a snake bite kit.
Okay, very ugly.
I can't believe you said those things to me.
Our friendship is over.
But I can explain.
Don't bother. There's a wall between us.
Does this mean you guys aren't doing your book report together?
This is verging on tragic.
I gotta find a new best friend fast.
I'll start from the top. The most popular girl in school.
Do you have an appointment?
I'm here to see the most popular girl in school.
And you are?
Laura.
Yes, I'm sure you're very important.
Look, take a number.
And the popular girl will be with you in a moment.
Why are you tearing up that calendar?
I'm cleverly illustrating the passage of time.
Number 2085.
Popular girl, we'll see you now.
Hi, whoever you are.
Take a seat.
You are my best friend for the next 15 seconds.
Don't you hate all my former and future best friends right now?
I do. Excuse me.
But there are 17 girls named Heather waiting out there to see you.
I feel so close to you.
Can you check her out now?
Yeah.
Bye. Let's do that one sometime.
And don't forget to reserve a space for my slumber party.
It's over. Now clear the halls before I release the dogs.
By the way, I hope everyone's heard about Laura's big secret.
Great! Now the whole school knows.
Gotta go home.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
There's no need to fear.
Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
This is the only place we want to be.
I'm Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
Who's the little baby with the bottle in her mouth?
My baby burpee.
Was Tommy spilling up with every little gulp?
You love the pleater then come on and pat her.
It really makes you feel.
Who's the little baby that makes the cutest sound?
My baby burpee.
Excuse me, baby burpee.
Ring around the nosy is a joke load of fun.
You look just like an elephant but not play of fun.
Let's ring around the nosy and here's how it goes.
Scoop up three rings using only your nose.
Ring around the nosy.
You have to match the colors.
That's how it's done.
Get three rings on your nosy and oh my gosh, you won.
I win.
Are you sure we're not related?
Ring around the nosy.
I think I'm getting a hair.
No, it's just another blackhead.
I'm never going to have an official hair or shave.
What's a peach fuzz-written loser like me supposed to do?
Here, try this.
It's the Nick Shaving Kit.
Adhesive pieces of ripped toilet paper stained with fake blood
to give you that just shave look that makes you look like a real man.
Wow, now I've got that just shave look that makes me look like a real man.
And there's even a kit for girls.
David Kit, because who has time to wait for your hormones to kick in?
I'm desperate.
I guess I can be friends with my...
Ugh, brother.
Hi Tony, what's up?
I wasn't using your shaving kit, I was just cleaning it.
That's okay Tony, what's mine is yours.
Why don't I treat you to a movie later?
Hey little guy, why so glum?
What's my big sister?
Picks on you, huh?
No, actually she just offered to take me to the movies.
She let me look at her Veronica's secret catalog.
I'm starting to think she's not so bad after all.
Well now for those rare moments when you think you're actually starting to like your sister,
there's Haterade.
Oh, but I'm not thirsty.
Haterade will quench all those warm, brotherly feelings
and replace them with all the homicidal rage you usually feel
for your contemptuous little wits of a sister.
Haterade, for that deep down burning hate.
Also try totally indifferent towards her age
because nothing bugs a girl more than being ignored.
Julie is waiting for you outside, at least I think it's Julie.
She's behind a brick wall.
Tell her I'm busy watching the same stuff on TV over and over again.
Okay.
Are you sick and tired of watching the same stuff on TV over and over again?
Now there's Not TV, the channel that has all stuff that you absolutely,
positively, uh, absolutely will not have over here on TV.
Tastes bad!
More feeling!
Dang, Roseanne, you sure look good in that bikini.
And the Nobel Prize for Physics goes to Barney.
Don't pull the second to block!
Boy, I'd love to keep watching this inviting satire of television,
but I've got a slumber party sketch.
A slumber party with your host, Doof!
First of all, I'd like to applaud all my lucky best friends
for being at my slumber party.
How nice for you.
Let's begin by congratulating Mandy and Jennifer on their operation
that's brought them even closer.
We're finally joined at the hip, and please call us Mandifer.
Whichever best friend you are?
I'd love to, but with this stupid wall I can't fit through the door.
Besides, my ex-best friend is here.
Great! I've been morally annihilated,
and now I have to participate in slumber party activities.
In the tradition of Rocky and Kickboxer comes pillow fight.
Let's get ready to rumble!
No, you're wearing too much mascara.
Try this blush as a compliment color.
Take a swig of diet soda.
Make sure she's pinned between the dresser and the nightstand.
I follow everybody's shot with a short job and a wet cross.
But that doesn't work.
BAM!
Pillow fight coming soon to a slumber party near you.
Okay, best friend.
It's bedtime, and your chance to admire my jewel and crusted sleeping bag.
Wow!
But wait until you get a load of my Luke Perry sideburn shaped sleeping bag.
Well, I've got this rugged waterproof bag.
How embarrassing!
Julie usually lends me her sleeping bag.
And even worse, I'm talking to a camera.
Okay, it's time to freeze somebody's panties.
I kind of need to go.
But you promised to spend the night.
I know, it's just that I'm sick.
You don't look sick.
Well, now you can.
With pepto-dismal.
Pepto-dismal simulates the effects of dozens of contagious childhood illnesses,
including chickenpox, mumps, and distended bowel syndrome.
Laura, what's the matter?
I think I've gotten measles or scurvy or maybe I'm just going to spew on you.
Pepto-dismal brought to you by Federal Distress
for when you absolutely, positively can't be there overnight.
Hey!
Thanks for caring.
Well, I don't really.
I just wanted you to repave the driveway.
Hey, why don't you get your best friend with the wall to give you a hand?
Besides, I thought you two were working on that book report together.
It's having Julie to talk to.
Maybe I should try to make up with her.
Hello, and welcome to Sally Jesse Raphael.
I'm Sally.
I'm Jesse.
I'm Rafael.
Our topic for today is best friends, assets, or pain in the assets.
Yo, my bro, that's the topic of the show.
See, here with us are Laura and Julie, who were besties forever
until a tragic argument ended their dreams.
Well, audience, how does this make us feel?
Woo, woo.
That barking stuff has got to go.
You must have got tickets to the wrong show.
See, hello.
Is the caller there?
Hi.
Lee, hello.
I'd like a small pizza and a side order, a twisty bread.
Hello?
Uh, never mind the call.
Laura, Julie, you've been fighting,
but you both told me before the show that you would like to make up.
That's right.
Laura, you're willing to make up with Julie,
even though she had no regard for your feelings
and blabbed your most personal secret to the entire school?
Oh, I'm over that.
And she also gave your phone number to every guy in the audio visual club.
I didn't know that.
And Julie, you're willing to make up with Laura,
even though she put a centipede in your gym sock.
That was you.
Face it, you two hate each other.
But you're willing to forgive and forget.
Why?
Because you do anything to be on television.
And we'll be right back after this message.
Hi, I'm Shannon Doherty.
If you've blown hot air like I have,
you know nothing is more aromatic than bitterness and spite.
That's why I endorse revenge.
The perfume.
What could be better than the sweet smell of revenge?
Just ask my underling, Luke Perry.
I hope they send you to college in Iraq, you psycho.
I forgot to mention Revenge's hands-on applicator, Luke.
Just think of it as a restraining odor.
Okay, just don't get engaged to me
and then try and shoot me, all right?
So, if you're holding a grudge, do what I do.
And don't get mad.
Get revenge.
Ah, the swell of it.
Okay, friends.
Now, isn't it time to break down that wall between you?
I think the audience would like to see a hug.
Like the night that's in your back, this is a stab.
Like the secret that was black.
There's gonna be a brutal battle,
as one thinks the other's saddled,
and until they tie the score, there is no peace.
This is war.
House and the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
The ultimate Nickelodeon guts challenge.
The radical rock, the aggro crag.
Now, bigger, meaner, and more mountainous than ever.
Watch Nick put kids on the crag
every weekday at 5.30, 4.30 Central, only on Nick.
We touch photos, prove it's true.
Pick up your super set today, and Super Mario All Stars is free.
You love it.
Aggro!
Man, I just had the weirdest dream.
I was sleeping when my bed started to move.
Whoa, it was 2K Sam.
It was huge.
I thought you might be hungry for the dreamy part of this complete breakfast.
Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
All right.
May I pour?
But it didn't stop.
That's okay, I had a spoon.
I was digging the orange lemon lime and cherry flavor,
which suddenly I think was paid to food everywhere.
Then 2K bail.
Catch you later.
Oh, no!
Ah!
Aren't dreams weird?
Yes.
Did you ever throw in a row?
Done it.
Won it.
Dreamed it.
Played it.
Knocked it.
Locked it.
Suck it.
Dunked it.
Blow it.
But have you ever?
Throw in a row.
Do it.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on...
We know that you are down, all right,
because you broke up with your best friend.
Nobody seems to like you anymore.
Oh, you couldn't fit in at all
at that popular girl slumber party.
Okay, okay.
Get to the point.
Well, what we're trying to say is,
you can always just think of your dad and me
as your best friends, huh?
Hey, what's that?
It's my thought bubble.
So I can imagine what being friends with you is like.
Stop that giggling back there.
Don't make me separate you and your parents.
Dad's got cooties.
Pass it on.
Hey, hey, hey.
What do you say tomorrow?
We all wear matching slags.
Yeah, and we can go to the dance together.
Oh, yeah, now you're talking.
Well, I'm sorry to burst your bubble, honey.
That's okay.
I wasn't enjoying that thought one bit.
Well, never mind.
We've got a family dinner to go to.
Okay.
He was a 15-year-old high school freshman.
She was a toddler barely out of diapers.
But everything's giving.
They had one thing in common.
They had to sit at the kiddie table.
Susie, would you like me to cut your meat?
Yeah, yeah.
Cut, cut.
And Tony, would you like me to cut, cut?
No, I'm quite proficient in using my own cutlery.
Thank you.
Well, then I'll just leave you two to your fun.
The kiddie table, coming soon to a family dinner near you.
Friends, I don't know if I'll ever find a perfect match like Julie again.
Laura, you need help, child?
Well, we're the psychic friends hotline.
We knew you needed us.
So, what do you see in my future?
Well, I see your best friend.
She's very unhappy.
She's standing behind a cardboard wall.
What else do you see?
I see Latoya Jackson needs a day job.
And I see a girl with a very unusual hairstyle.
Is it Mandy and Jennifer, or...
Mandy and Jennifer, hey, Laura.
Hey, Dijon.
We're as close as we can get now.
We're one person.
Wow, Dijon, how can you say all this?
They're standing right here, child.
Can we go back to talking about Julie?
Why don't you talk to her yourself?
That's what friends are for.
And remember, keep smiling.
Keep shining, knowing you can...
Okay, okay.
I'll talk to her.
I'll have her here in school tomorrow anyway.
This is just a reminder.
Laura and Julie will now do the report on Lewis and Clark,
co-founders of the West.
But first, they've got to make up.
Our report was supposed to be about a great team.
And I only know about Clark.
Maybe if some people knew better than to go against their word,
we could do this together.
Just give me a chance.
Can't we talk about it?
No.
Can we sing about it?
Get ready now, friends, for...
Action log, nose goblins,
and Ren's repulsive baby pictures.
Oh, my gosh.
Friendship, it's a new low
on the Ren and Stimpy show next.
How's it take before a live studio audience
at CBS Studio Center?
Hollywood, California.
Man, that's good enough.
Saturday night is the best night.
Saturday night is great.
Saturday night is...
it's really happening.
New York won 24 hours a day.
We take the time to do it right.
Debbie Faerich.
The interesting thing about Mother Hale is that
when you become close to a story like that
and you see the difference they've made,
you think that things can be okay.
She believed the way to heal
was to give babies what they needed most,
love and attention.
24 hours a day.
We take the time to do it right.
New York won, because there's only one New York.
Hello, darkness, my old friend.
I've come to talk with you again.
It slips sliding.
Paul Simon.
1964, 1993.
30 years on three CDs.
You know the new destination.
Now two can play the games of the super envious Super Scope.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself,
you might want to consider some basic training exercises.
All the things that you do around the house,
you deserve a little fun.
That's why every day Pizza Hut has a kids' pizza pack.
You get a personal parent pizza,
crop, and a cool surprise.
So keep up the good work.
At Pizza Hut,
you can discover the magic of Disney's Aladdin
by flying in for the Aladdin Kids' Pizza Pack.
You can get a personal parent pizza,
cool cup,
and one of free magical Aladdin treasures to collect.
But soon it all goes up in...
Ice cold neon light.
No cold.
It's because look what's new from Log This Time.
It's all new Action Log
with realistic facial moss.
And you can dress new Action Log for adventure
with these great new action outfits.
There's Log of Arabia,
Officer Log,
Athletic Log,
and Cheerleader Log.
You can explore uncharted Arctic terrain
with Sergeant Log of the Yukon.
And get set for super secret spy action
with Agent 00 Log.
And how about the all new Log,
Ryan Tamer Playset.
And girls,
you'll soon, when you hear singing Log.
Lalalalalala.
Cougar'slings,
here comes the mysterious Log from Mars.
Kids, you can be just like Dad
at the Armchair Quarterback Adventure Playset.
And you'll have hours of fun playing Doctor
with the Log Authentic Civil War First Aid Station.
Yes, when it's this much fun,
it must be Log.
It's long, long.
It's big, it's heavy, it's wood.
It's smaller than that, it's good.
Everyone wants a log.
You're gonna love it long.
If you wanna get your log,
everyone needs a log.
Log from Blammo.
Take heaven my cousin Sven is coming to visit.
I still remember the days when Sven and I
were in the whelping box together.
I can hardly wait to have an intellectual conversation again.
Excuse me, Ran.
It's time for my appointment.
I've had enough of your time for this here.
Now you're gonna meet a dog with real breeding.
He's a hawk.
He's got my blood.
At last, cousin, come on in.
Say something intelligent.
He is only you as Sven.
Sven, get in here, you old yak, Gelder.
I want you to meet my friend, Steampie.
He's an idiot.
Wow.
Steampie, say hello to a superior creature.
Hello, superior creature.
He is only you as Sven.
Is that the face of intelligence or what?
Turn around, you sick little monkey.
I'll go get some refreshments.
Steampie, help Sven unpack.
Okay.
You are my new friend.
I share with you.
Say, what's that?
It's my jar of spit.
I've been saving it since I was a child.
You saved your spit?
Wait here.
I want to show you something.
It's my magic nose goblin.
I picked them myself.
Look what I have for you.
What is it?
It's my ball of band-aid.
I've saved every band-aid I've ever used.
Here, this one's from 1962.
Joy.
I'll get it.
What's that?
Oh, that's just my brain.
It's always falling out.
It's so big.
I know.
You want to see mine?
Okay.
Golly.
Your cousin is the coolest.
We're lodge brothers.
We both belong to the loyal order of stupids.
Yeah, and now we show you our secret handshake.
That's my first material possession.
Do they have some?
Sure, hop in.
These messages...
Saturday at 7-6 Central only on Nick.
The new snap-together color-coded construction set.
Witnessing a new technology.
An only game powered by the Super FX microchip.
Why go to the next level
when you can go light years beyond?
You are Fox McLeod.
In Star Fox.
Only for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Introducing six wheels of blazing speed.
Scorcher 6x6.
It's red hot.
Six wheels to burn up the road.
Six wheels that'll outturn, outmaneuver, and a four-wheeler.
Six wheels for the fastest 360 spins ever.
Radio control rechargeable 9.6V turbo power.
The incredibly hot Scorcher 6x6.
Beautiful cycle, battery pack required sold separately.
Twizzle.
Sweet.
So fruity.
I love it when it twizzles.
The bunks take a lickin', the lizards take a lickin'.
Take your lizard and ham, catch what you can.
Lickin' lizards.
The game where you try to catch the most bugs with a lizard.
Stick these stretchy tongues.
Catch the bugs, the bunks, just to catch a tongue.
Gonna make you smile.
Listen to scratch for a mile.
Lickin' lizards.
New from Tyco.
How would you like to see your very own drawing of a Nicktoon right here on Nickelodeon?
Grab a pencil and stay tuned to Nick.
The details and the address are coming up.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren & Stimpy show.
I hate rainy days.
Yeah, and me too.
I know, let's play a game.
Let's see.
There's scribble and gamey and monotony
and pure cheesy misery days.
These are boring games.
Shoooy.
It's the funnest game in the whole world.
Don't whizz on the electric fence.
You set up the board and I'll go plug in the fence.
One, six.
Your team.
Your turn, brother Stimpy.
Ready?
At least I'm home.
I can follow my intellectual pursuits.
My opera records.
Covered in bubblegum.
My collection of rare, incurable diseases.
Violated.
No.
My dinosaur dropping.
Painted like Easter eggs.
You idiots.
You.
I'm gonna do to you.
I'm so angry.
I'm gonna tear your lips off.
That's what I'm gonna do.
Like this friend.
Yeah, you scary ass.
Good. You scared, huh?
Next, I'm gonna
tear your arms out of the sockets.
You're gonna hit ya
on the phone.
Look down.
And I'm gonna laugh.
I gotta take a whizz.
Don't you go anywhere.
You stay right here.
Right on this spot.
I'll be back.
What's this stupid thing?
That's a game, Ren.
Yeah, it's really fun.
Oh, you like this game?
Oh, yeah, Ren.
We love it.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
Do you really like it?
It's our favorite game in the whole world.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
Well, how do you like this?
So, you whizzed on the electric fence, didn't you?
The electric fence.
Who's the greatest musketeer of them all?
Who can skip to the mud with the greatest of ease?
What kind of wonderful guy
who can crawl like a dog without scraping his knees?
Who's got segmented eyes?
It's Muddy.
Mudskipper, it's Muddy.
Mud.
Skipper Show.
Now, a word from our sponsor.
The Muddy Mudskipper Show is brought to you by
Pretty Kitty Litter.
Hello, friends.
Of course, you know that when it comes to absorbency,
odor control, and, of course, flavor,
Pretty Kitty is the best litter money can buy.
But did you know that Pretty Kitty
now comes with a prize inside?
That's right. In every bag,
there's a neat prize waiting for you.
Collect them all.
There's the Shaven Yak Litter Box Caddy.
A Maloney sandwich.
A live crab.
A junior barbell set.
Real dynamite.
A fake toe.
A real toe.
A fish clip.
And don't forget, after you're through,
make sure to cut out the free mask
printed on the back of every bag.
Remember, if it doesn't say Pretty Kitty,
it stinks.
Oh, boy, sleepy.
We sure had fun today, didn't we?
So long, kids. Come on, sleepy. Say goodbye.
Where are we going?
The show's over. See you next time.
Next time? When's that?
It's pretty soon. Don't worry.
Pretty soon?
How long is that?
In a little while, man.
What do we do, too, then?
Why, you could wash your toes.
Oh, you could eat our little toes.
Yeah.
Oh, you could blow yourself up.
Like a balloon.
Well, goodbye, kids. See you next time.
Goodbye, folks.
It's, like, for kids.
It's the best part of the week. I love it.
This Thanksgiving, you can draw the same old turkey.
And maybe it'll end up on the fridge.
Or you can draw your favorite Nicktoon,
and maybe it'll end up on Nickelodeon.
That's right. You can be a part of the first Nicktoon
in Weekend, when Nickelodeon will give you three days
stuffed with nonstop Nicktoons,
and the chance to see your very own drawing right here on Nick.
All you have to do is pick your favorite Nicktoon.
Any character from Ren and Stimpy,
Rocco, Rugrats, or Doug, then draw a picture.
Use crayons, pencils, markers, paints, whatever,
and send it to Nicktoon in Weekend.
1515 Broadway, 20th floor, New York, New York,
1-0036. Make sure to include your name and age,
and don't worry, it doesn't have to be neat.
It doesn't have to be a masterpiece,
but it does have to be in the mail by October 30th.
Then, when it's turkey time,
tune in to Nick for three days of Nicktoons
and the world premiere of thousands
of original Nicktoon drawings
in a place that's tuned in to kids, Nickelodeon.
When it's three against the world,
you need guts.
You need luck.
Thank you. You broke my pole perfectly.
You need an edge.
Their chances may be one in a million,
but one chance
is all they need.
Rated PG starts Friday, November 12th.
Check news paper for showtime.
They go everywhere, and they really fly.
Wild ones racing with no track to hold you back.
Wild ones impossible.
You control them, curves, bumps, spins.
No track to hold you back.
Wild ones they go anywhere you do.
The wild ones, the challenge is as wild
as your own imagination.
Wild ones, only from buddy L.
The wild ones, they're wild.
The incredible crash dummies.
Nick, Nick, Nick, L.
Okay, everybody, go hands.
Spoil pool is giving free rides in the flip-over truck.
This is great.
The chump bop wrecker arrives to spoil the fun.
Spaceship, give him the boat.
Can anyone stop these heels?
What about the way it used to hurt?
Whoa!
The incredible crash dummies.
Flip-over truck, junk bop wrecker and figures all sold separately.
Don't you be a dummy.
Bottle your safety belt.
He's back. He's here. He's Mario.
He's the new and improved Mario and Super Mario All-Star so much.
Mario is a Mario smorgasbord.
It's all the way down Mario, but there's adventures he ever played in then some.
But this is Juice Top 16, but only on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System Mario.
So it's bigger Mario, later Mario, in your face Mario.
It's raccoon Mario, Mario throwing fireballs.
Mario hurling turnips. Mario negotiating an arm steal.
Okay, maybe not. It's Mario like you've never seen him.
What's two plus two Mario? What's the capital of Ohio? Mario.
You're gonna live free to eat, sleep Mario and Super Mario All-Stars.
Four complete Mario games, including the never seen lost level.
So you can't get more Mario than this, which is why the best played here.
Hey guys.
Very funny guys.
I can't believe we're never...
Look, how could we forget?
You only reminded us a zillion times.
He did not. We'd never forget your birthday.
Dave even has a special story for you.
Really?
Let's go.
I know how much you like magic.
So I kind of borrowed one of your magical characters.
Which one?
Sit down my friend and you'll find out.
My story is indeed about magic.
The kind Gary likes.
The kind that dazzles and amazes.
But it's still strangely real.
But the magic in my story is more intense
than the kind that comes from incantations or elixirs.
It's the kind of magic that comes from inside of us.
A magic that can be used for good or incredible evil.
It's submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story the tale of the dark dragon.
Covered blueberries? Where'd you get these?
My dad got them. I know you like them, so I pinched a couple.
You're the best.
So you go into the dance Friday?
Oh, no. I'm not much of a dance guy.
I'm more of a sit and watch guy.
Hey Keith.
Hi Gary.
Hey there Shelly.
Whoa, we're having a fight.
Get out of here.
Yeah, she says a take for granted.
Come on, let's go.
Get out of here.
Sorry man, that was rude.
Well that's okay.
Heath Saunders was in a bad car crash.
It messed up his leg so bad that he'd never walk without a limp.
But the accident didn't just damage his leg.
It hurt his entire outlook on life.
Oh man, I'm sorry.
It's okay. I'll get him.
No, no, it's okay. I can do it.
Sometimes I can be such a klutz.
Yeah, me too.
So, uh, are you going to the dance on Friday?
Maybe. I don't know.
Gary's being a pain.
Well, if, uh, you ever need anyone to fill in or anything.
You're sweet.
You can bring out the best in yourself.
Have the courage to walk through the doors of Sardo's magic mansion.
For the potion.
Um, is there a Mr. Sourdough here?
That's Sourdough.
No, Mr. Accent on the door.
Ow!
What is it? What can I do for you?
I came for the potion.
The potion! The potion! The potion!
What potion?
The potion that brings out the best in people.
The potion, yes. That potion, of course.
Silly me. It's his friend over here.
Uh, what else does it do?
Oh, the ad said it could make me more confident.
It could make me more powerful.
Potion? Oh, why didn't you say so?
It's my number one bestseller.
Now this is very powerful stuff. Very powerful indeed.
You must only use one drop at a time. Understand?
How much does it cost?
Well, it's very difficult to put a value on just what this will do for you.
But if I were pressed, I'd say...
$40? $40!
All right, $35. But I'm losing on the deal.
Thanks just the same.
How much you got?
$20.
Done. I'll get you a receipt.
I bought it at a time.
You know Keith Saunders? Yeah.
He's my cousin.
So you're gonna ask me to sit down?
Yeah, sure.
I got a cold.
Guy yesterday. He ran into your house.
Put a gun.
He was at the charcoal pit, flirting with Shelley.
He looks kind of...
It's no one. It's no one.
But I'm sure that I...
Look, let's just walk to school, okay?
Sure.
Your cousin Casey is great.
Yeah?
Hi, is he gonna be at the charcoal pit after school?
Uh, if you want him to be.
Tell him I'll be there. See ya!
You never told me you had a cousin.
She's not from around here.
How did the dramaturgy test go?
I flunked it.
You flunked a test?
It wasn't easy. I mean, the test was hard.
Well, is everything all right?
The doctor said it's normal to be a little bummed out to the accident.
Dad, I'm fine. Really.
I got homework.
Casey, uh, hang on.
Yeah, sure.
I mean, uh, I think I'm free.
Hold on a little while.
Coming over.
Had a really good time tonight.
I know we get to see you again.
How about Friday night?
But that's the...
Dance. I know.
Come with me.
But Gary...
Has he asked you?
No.
Well, I'm asking.
I...
I love to.
Terrific.
Well, good night.
Hi, is Nickelodeon the only network for...?
The Bear Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for...?
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
I'm Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
Man, I just had the weirdest dream.
I was sleeping when my bed started to move.
Whoa! It was Toucan Sam!
He was huge!
I thought you might be hungry for the dreamy part
of this complete breakfast.
Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
All right.
May I pour?
But he didn't stop.
That's okay. I had a spoon.
I was taking the orange lemon lime and cherry flavor
and suddenly there was baby food everywhere.
Then Toucan bailed.
Catch you later.
Oh, no!
Ah!
Aren't dreams weird?
Yes!
Don't wake daddy!
The game where you've got to sneak into the kitchen
for a snack without waking daddy.
You land on a noise and you have to press daddy's alarm clock.
Billy, wake up.
What a bag!
Don't wake daddy!
Run faster, brother!
The sneaking begins again with
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Was it tight?
Yeah, it's really tight.
And it comes just about as short as...
How do you see him, Keith?
He wasn't in school.
No.
How about his cousin, Casey?
But I'll see him tonight at the dance.
I'm telling you off of the drives.
This is what you call bringing out the best in somebody.
I must admit, it is a bit unusual.
What happened to the others?
What others?
You mean?
Frankly, you're the only person who's ever...
want the stuff.
What?
I'm sure there's something we can do.
I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking.
Bring out the best.
Only one drop at a time, very powerful.
I don't know what could have gone wrong.
Are you sure you're not taking any other potion?
No.
I wish I didn't.
What's this?
A caution term page.
You mean this more?
Before bringing out the best,
one must fight the dark dragon from within.
Funny, I didn't notice that.
What's the dark dragon?
I'm sure I don't know.
But I'm afraid you're about to find out.
So what time should I pick you up for the dance?
You never bothered to ask me.
See now.
So I'm asking you now.
I pick you up at seven?
I'm going with someone else.
What?
Dedicate this award to Shelly Bergman.
I'd just like her to know she's got first place in my heart.
I'd give anything if she danced next dance with me.
Girl like Shelly, I'll be a pretty girl.
Isn't it wonderful?
Nothing, sir. It's okay.
I'm fine. I think I'm in here.
How much did you take?
I drank the whole bottle.
No. Why did you do it?
I did it for you.
Beautiful girl.
I'm the one who's supposed to change, not you.
I didn't want to be me anymore.
My leg.
Grace.
I'm sick of it.
I can't be normal.
People stare at me.
I hate myself.
I didn't want this to happen to you.
It's you. It's really you.
I think I beat the dark dragon.
I don't understand.
It's been inside me since the accident.
But it's gone now.
The potion did exactly what it said it would.
She?
I was just taking my girl to the dance.
Happy birthday, Gary.
Now meet some friends from another world.
As Nick at Night presents Superman and the Mole Men.
The two-part adventure from the movie
that started Superman's classic TV series
on Very Very Man of Steel.
Next.
Is it longer or faster?
Is all it takes to win?
Well Nickelodeon guts is not most sports.
It goes beyond conventional measures
to pit kids against the elements,
against gravity, against a grueling mountainside.
And in the end, it doesn't matter
if you're big or small.